Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to speak about another form control,
which is the combo box.
So the combo box is similar to the list box.
It enables us to collect an item from a list.
OK,
but it's the only difference is that the list box shows all the items in the list at the
same time,
so you can see them at the same time.
However,
on the combo box,
you need to actually cascade the combo box to be able to see your item.
Okay,
but they work pretty much the same way.
They both enable us to select an item from a list.
Okay.
And if you right click on a combo box and click on Former Control,
you can see where this got the same inputs.
So we've got the import trains,
which is basically your list and also the Cell Inc.
Which is basically the cell that's gonna help put the ordinary position off the item.
Okay.
And you've got the drop down lines Here is how maney items you can see when you cascade the
list.
OK,
so how many items you can see straight away and they're more than that number of items
you'll have.
Ah,
scroll bar on the right here to just scroll through the items.
Okay.
Now,
let's see how we can insert a combo box.
You can go to the developer tab on the ribbon,
click on insert,
and then click on combo box here.
And then you can just draw your combo box like that.
Okay?
And you can just right click,
click on form and control and start for months and get there Is the three d o a shading
option as well,
which is an aesthetic option,
as we have seen before.
Okay,
that's it,
Guys for the kobo box.
This is just a quick introduction about it,
because this very same Merton list box.
If you know how to work with the list box,
you're gonna be able to work with the combo box and we're going to see ah applications for
in the upcoming videos.
Thank you very much watching.
I'll see on the next one